Add model lifecycle description (#81)
eclipse-velocitas/velocitas-docs: content/en/docs/tutorials/vehicle-app-development/tutorial_how_to_create_a_vehicle_app_python.md

The app is now running. In order to use it properly, we will enhance the app with more features in the next sections.

## Vehicle Model Access

In order to facilitate the implementation, the whole vehicle is abstracted into model classes. Please check [tutorial about creating models](/docs/tutorials/vehicle_model_creation) for more details about this topic. In this section, the focus is on using the models.

> The first thing you need to do to get access to the Vehicle Model. If you derived your project repository from our template, we already provide a generated model installed as a Python package named `vehicle`. So, most probably you need nothing to do. How to tailor the model to your needs or how you could get access to vehicle services is described in the tutorial linked above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first thing you need to do is to get access to the Vehicle Model. If you derived your project repository from our template, we already provide a generated model installed as a Python package named `vehicle`. Hence in most cases no additional setup is necessary. How to tailor the model to your needs or how you could get access to vehicle services is described in the tutorial linked above.
```
